Create dedicated Runtime doc for Software (#3157)
astronomer/docs: software/manage-airflow-versions.md

2. Run the following command to list your current Deployments. 
   
    ```zsh
    astro deployment list
    ```

    Copy the ID of the Deployment you want to upgrade.

3. Run the following command to list the available Airflow versions:

    ```zsh
    astro deployment airflow upgrade --deployment-id=<deployment-id>
    ```

4. Enter the Airflow version you want to upgrade to and press `Enter`.

## Step 3: (Optional) Pin provider package versions

Major Astro Runtime upgrades can include significant upgrades to built-in provider packages. These package upgrades can sometimes include breaking changes for your DAGs. See the [Apache Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers/packages-ref.html) for a list of all available provider packages and their release notes. 

For the most stable upgrade path, Astronomer recommends pinning all provider package versions from your current Runtime version before upgrading. To check the version of all provider packages installed in your Runtime version, run:

```sh
docker run --rm quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:<current-runtime-version> pip freeze | grep apache-airflow-providers

> ```

Author: @lzdanski a tip here is you can use 4 tick marks on your `suggestion` block and it will properly parse all code fences! Learned that this year and it changed my life

If your DAGs depend on any of these provider packages, add the provider packages to your Astro project `requirements.txt` file before upgrading. You can also [pin specific provider package versions](#optional-pin-provider-package-versions) to ensure that none of your provider packages change after upgrading.

##### Upgrade to Python 3.10

Astro Runtime 8 uses Python 3.10. If you use provider packages that don't yet support Python 3.10, use one of the following options to stay on Python 3.9:

- Run your tasks using the KubernetesPodOperator or PythonVirtualenvOperator. You can configure the environment that these tasks run in to use Python 3.9.
- Use the [`astronomer-provider-venv`](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-provider-venv) to configure a custom virtual environment that you can apply to individual tasks.

##### Provider incompatibilities

There is an incompatibility between Astro Runtime 8 and the following provider packages installed together:

- `apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes==6.1.0`
- `apache-airflow-providers-google==10.0.0`

That can be resolved by pinning `apache-airflow-providers-google==10.9.0` or greater in your `requirements.txt` file.

> This incompatibility results in breaking the GKEStartPodOperator. This operator inherits from the KubernetesPodOperator, but then overrides the hook attribute with the GKEPodHook. In the included version of the `cncf-kubernetes` providers package, the KubernetesPodOperator uses a new method, `get_xcom_sidecar_container_resources`. This method is present in the KubernetesHook, but not the GKEPodHook. Therefore, when it is called it causes the task execution to break. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This incompatibility results in breaking the GKEStartPodOperator. This operator inherits from the KubernetesPodOperator, but then overrides the hook attribute with the GKEPodHook. In the included version of the `cncf-kubernetes` providers package, the KubernetesPodOperator uses a new method, `get_xcom_sidecar_container_resources`. This method is present in the KubernetesHook, but not the GKEPodHook. Therefore, when it is called, it causes the task execution to break. 
```

#### Runtime 6 (Airflow 2.4)

> Smart Sensors were deprecated in Airflow 2.2.4 and removed in Airflow 2.4.0. If your organization is still using Smart Sensors, you'll need to start using deferrable operators. See [Deferrable operators](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/deferrable-operators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart Sensors were deprecated in Airflow 2.2.4 and removed in Airflow 2.4.0. If your organization still uses Smart Sensors, you need to start using deferrable operators. See [Deferrable operators](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/deferrable-operators).
```

#### Runtime 5 (Airflow 2.3)

Astro Runtime 5.0.0, based on Airflow 2.3, includes changes to the schema of the Airflow metadata database. When you first upgrade to Runtime 5.0.0, consider the following:

- Upgrading to Runtime 5.0.0 can take 10 to 30 minutes or more depending on the number of task instances that have been recorded in the metadata database throughout the lifetime of your Deployment on Astro.

> - Once you upgrade successfully to Runtime 5, you might see errors in the Airflow UI that warn you of incompatible data in certain tables of the database. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After you upgrade successfully to Runtime 5, you might see errors in the Airflow UI that warn you of incompatible data in certain tables of the database. For example:
```
